alright I'm Steve Butler I'm from yamaha
motor from the testing division and I'm
here today with the Transworld guys
getting getting their first chance to
see the 2010 yz250f so looking at this
one here the white model we offer a blue
and a white and new for 2010 i'll start
with the engine so we change the number
of things to to improve engine
performance especially low to mid range
and the throttle response and at the
same time we reduced the noise so let me
start with the air filter remove the air
filter slightly to the left side of the
bike to give a more direct straight
intake air boot into the carburetor it's
an all new carburetor that has a more of
a venturi shape to the the carburetor
throat and from there into the intake
the intake camshaft has been changed the
left is slightly increased so the valve
opens a little bit more and along with
that we have changed the valvetrain mass
by changing sofia valve retainers from
steel to aluminum along with the new
intake camshaft we've changed the valve
spring on both the inlet and the exhaust
valves so we reduced the weight of the
valve retainers we've changed them from
steel to aluminium and by doing that we
could reduce the tension of the valve
springs which reduces the amount of load
it takes two to spin the camshaft so
more throttle response at low rpm a
little bit quicker revving and from
there we also change the shape of the
exhaust port it's going from us oval
shape ports to addie shape so
that into the exhaust system the new
silencer and mid pipe we've reduced the
sound by a couple of DB as a smaller
outlet and overall improved engine power
and less noise so they're moving to the
rest of the machine as you can see
completely new design new bodywork new
chassis so some of the chassis it's a
bi-lateral beam frame and this new frame
has very similar vertical rigidity but
the horizontal and the twist rigidities
are much increased to improve cornering
and lightweight handling so along with
the new frame were able to change the
gas tank to where it's now mounted
directly in the mid-level machine and an
all-new flatter seat that enables the
writer to move much more forward to
enhance the the cornering and the front
wheel traction along with that a new
ride position the handlebars are
slightly higher the foot pegs slightly
higher and forward so again just trying
to put the writer closer to the front of
the machine so he's over top of the
front of the wheel the actual wheel base
of the machine is shorter so we've
changed we've given it more trail and
slightly more Custer angle to maintain
the Yamaha stability so along with that
the front and rear suspension or also
we've changed the damping character to
match the new bilateral beam frame and
the rear suspension spring is a 30
millimeters lower that enables to get
the very straight intake tract and also
to the lower the weight down in the
machine so that's a brand-new machine
for 2010 have 10 changes to the engine
and completely new chassis and body work
and check back with Transworld here
pretty soon to see their first right
impression
you